---
layout: eventdetail
title: Macbeth
section_title: Events
bookable: yes
organiser_url: www.westkirbyartscentre.org.uk
price: 6
time: 7pm for 7.30pm
date: 2019-09-07
type: production from Green Room Productions
image: macbeth2
permalink: /events/macbeth-saturday
---

One of Shakespeare's best-known tragedies, Macbeth is the tale of a heroic Scottish thane who encounters dark and mysterious prophecies made by a trio of witches, who predict his rise to power as king of Scotland. Spurred by what he believes to be his destiny and the sinister plotting of his ambitious wife, Macbeth gradually betrays his friends and abandons his humanity in the pursuit of fulfilling the prophecies.

GRP brings a wicked style and darkly fantastical gothic aesthetic to this well-loved story
of murder, intrigue, war and treachery.

Greenroom is a branch of the Woolgatherers of Heswall for actors aged 30 and under, having run since 2015. With well-received self-written shows in 'The Ghost-Listener' and 'Another Fine Mess', as well as fresh takes on well-known plays such as 'Tartuffe' and '4:48 Psychosis', this is our first opportunity to independently produce a Shakespeare play, to which we hope to bring a signature aesthetic and a gripping original style. We very much look forward to seeing you there!    

The venue is situated in Brookfield Gardens on the site of the old Unitarian Church. Access from the street is via a flight of steps with, currently, no ramped access for wheelchairs. Park for free after 6.30pm at West Kirby Concourse, only 4 minutes walk away, as there is no on street parking available at the venue. Licensed bar available.
