---
layout: eventdetail
title: 2525 A Space Oddity
section_title: Events
bookable: yes
organiser_url: www.westkirbyartscentre.org.uk
price: 8.50
time: 18.30 for 19.00
date: 2020-02-21
type: Murder Mystery with 'Assassins Breed'
image: spaceoddity
permalink: /events/2525-A-Space-Oddity
---

2525... A Space Oddity is  a themed murder mystery set on board the cargo space ship Arkangel, in the year 2525, if man is still alive (as the song goes). The captain of the Arkangel has been found dead and the space co-ordinates have been altered, setting Arkangel on course for the Forbidden Planet. Strange aliens are on board, Ziggy Stardust plays in the background and the crew, mostly on minimum space wage, can't seem to hold it together. What on earth (or space) is going on?

Join us at West Kirby Arts Centre on Friday 21st February and find out. Your mission, should you accept it (but if you don't you're dead too!) is to get the Arkangel back on its flight and resolve the mystery. Good luck! Fancy dress clothing definitely recommended! Light refreshments will be served during the flight.

The Assassin's Breed is a local group of amateur dramatic players, from North Wales, the Chester area and the Wirral. We specialize in entertaining our audience with puzzling plots and twists in murder mystery events. The cast perform in character and the audience work together in teams to try and work out who the devious murderer is.There are usually between 6 and 8 suspects to choose from!! And we normally provide a prize to the winning team. The Breed has performed in North Wales, Chester, Ellesmere Port and the Lake District and has been entertaining people for over 10 years. We are looking forward to our first performance in West Kirby at the Arts Centre.


The venue is situated in Brookfield Gardens on the site of the old Unitarian Church. Access from the street is via a flight of steps with, currently, no ramped access for wheelchairs. Park for free after 6.30pm at West Kirby Concourse, only 4 minutes walk away, as there is no on street parking available at the venue. Licensed bar available.
